Update README_AIRFLOW3_DEV.md (#44304)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/README_AIRFLOW3_DEV.md

Make sure your code is only about Providers or Helm chart.
Avoid mixing core changes into the same PR

> [!NOTE]
> Please note that providers have been relocated from `airflow/providers` to `providers/src/airflow/providers`.

## Developing for Airflow 3 and 2.10.x / 2.11.x

If the PR is relevant for both Airflow 3 and 2, it should target `main` branch.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The mental model of Airflow 2.11 is bridge release for Airflow 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The mental model of Airflow 2.11 is a bridge release for Airflow 3.
```

> > As a result, Airflow 2.11 is not planned to introduce new features other than ones relevant as bridge release for Airflow 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As a result, Airflow 2.11 is not planned to introduce new features other than ones relevant to the bridge release for Airflow 3.
```

> That said, we recognize that there may be exceptions.

> > If you believe a specific feature is a must-have for Airflow 2.11, you will need to raise this as discussion thread on the mailing list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you believe a specific feature is a must-have for Airflow 2.11, you will need to raise this as a discussion thread on the mailing list.
```

> Points to address to make your case:
>

> > 1. You must clarify what is the urgency (i.e., why it can't wait for Airflow 3).
> > 2. You need be willing to deliver the feature for both `main` branch and Airflow 2.11 branch.
> > 3. You must be willing to provide support future bug fixes as needed.
> >
> > Points to consider on how PMC members evaluate the request of exception:
> >
> > 1. Feature impact - Is it really urgent? How many are affected?
> > 2. Workarounds - Are there any ?
> > 3. Scope of change - Both in code lines / number of files and components changed.
> > 4. Centrality - Is the feature at the heart of Airflow (scheduler, dag parser) or peripheral.
> > 5. Identity of the requester - Is the request from/supported by a member of the community?
> > 6. Similar previous cases approved.
> > 7. Other considerations that may raise by PMC members depending on the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. You must clarify the urgency, specifically why it can't wait for Airflow 3.
> 2. You need to be willing to deliver the feature for both the `main` branch and the Airflow 2.11 branch.
> 3. You must be willing to provide support for future bug fixes as needed.
>
> Points to consider on how PMC members evaluate the request for exception:
>
> 1. Feature impact - Is it really urgent? How many are affected?
> 2. Workarounds - Are there any?
> 3. Scope of change - Both in code lines / number of files and components changed.
> 4. Centrality - Is the feature at the heart of Airflow (scheduler, dag parser) or peripheral.
> 5. Identity of the requester - Is the request from/supported by a member of the community?
> 6. Approved cases with similar details in the past.
> 7. Other considerations that may be raised by PMC members depending on the case.
```
